Dad, what are you talking about?
How could he be the hotel owner?
How could you play like this?
I just informed you that you will eat the boss again.
Uncle, do you have any regrets now?
He is a resident tuner from Banchuan,
Can anyone possibly afford those old hotels?
I have to go to your house
You have many villains
Why don't you want to be full? You are so
from now on
This hotel experience
I won't be able to save you
You take more care of me
You told me so many things again today
I think this hotel experience is not in the right place.
I spoke to you before
Then don’t let the reporters
I just won't go to shows with these people
Where are you at the back?
I saved this hotel building back then
Don't ask him
Is it true that you want me, Tian Yitian, to be the landlord?
What did I buy this for?
How old is Lequn, which has a market value of 100 billion?
Tian is over
where is this
Is this true or false?
he died
He scared you group of keys An Ting